are you ready in this video I'm going to
give you a in-depth and hopefully
thoughtful view of five 21 and a half
inch imac I hope you enjoyed this model
of imac was released in late two
thousand nine october 20th i'm pretty
sure about that and first I'll do with
overview of it so the screen right here
the glossy 21.5 inch led-backlit
widescreen display that's right off
apple's website over on the side here we
have super drive slot and the new SD
card reader good for importing photos
off the track here are the port there's
an audio out jack audio in jack four USB
ports firewire mini display and ethernet
here we have the fan and power cord that
is the apple logo which funny actually
houses the Wi-Fi the airport thing
easier it's the only piece of plastic on
the max body pretty much so they had to
put it there to get good Wi-Fi reception
i find that kind of fine so also with
the mac you get a apple wireless
keyboard no number pad but still
bluetooth keyboard it's really great and
a magic mouse best mass app was done in
a while so as you can see i move my
finger on the mouse girls up and down
the page which is really cool i use that
feature a lot also if you swipe with two
fingers it goes back back a page in the
internet so i think that's pretty great
apple including the keyboard and the
magic mouse standard just reinforces how
much athlon through speaker
this as an all-in-one computer I mean it
really has everything you need wireless
keyboard wireless mouse display and
computer all in one it's actually
website says it is the ultimate
all-in-one so now I'll just give you a
little overview of the pricing and the
options for your hat on apple's website
we have a 21.5 inch model 3 gigahertz
core 2 duo that's the one I have um
there's the upgraded 21 and a half inch
model with a peers to be a larger hard
drive and upgraded graphics there's a
point 7 inch model and a quad-core 27
inch model so i think this one right
here the first the base model probably
offers the best value i mean like if you
want to go all out and have a huge
screen and huge hard drive you're
probably going to be either someone who
uses this for your job or you just like
want to watch movies on it but I mean
for every day like you know I mean not
everyday computing this thing can do
some powerful stuff but just just for
normal use I think this one is the best
it comes in at a great price like for
all of this you get four gigabytes of
memory 500 gig hard drive on the Mac
1199 is not bad plus you know this
screams HD and all let's talk about the
display it is 1920 x 1080 resolution oh
you can watch HD movies on it I do some
of that and it has IPS technology
according to Apple which stands for
in-plane switching and it basically just
makes so if you look at it one from one
side say to the right side or the left
side you won't see any color distortion
it'll look perfect the whole way it's
also the LED backlit and it comes in
glossy across all the models apple also
offers a lot of configuration options
you can get your processor bump graphics
card bump memory
yeah if you select the base model you
can really like go go crazy with all
this stuff faster processor more memory
keyboard my standard can get all this
software so yeah I think the imac does a
good job of what it does it's definitely
like it could be used as a work computer
but I think a lot of people are going to
use this a home computer you know I mean
it's good for odd graphic design
watching movies you can make it part of
your home theater I mean the 27-inch
models like as big as TV you can
seriously make that part of your home
theater and it does what does really
well it's a very powerful Mack comes in
a great price so that is my take on the
imac update i just checked my email and
I now have
one subscriber on youtube yay thank you
thank you thank you very much yes that
is it big milestone for me so I hope you
enjoyed this review video that is my
take on the imac I hope I said
everything I want to say so if you
enjoyed this video please give it a
thumbs up and subscribe there's like it
you can follow me on twitter at
twitter.com / ki mp3 and check out my
website which is then summer TK against
my name is ben somers thank you for
joining me I'll see you next time